Adjust docu to v1beta2 APIRule (#1082)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v1beta2/04-15-api-rule-access-strategies.md

# APIRule v1beta2 Access Strategies

> APIRule allows you to define the security configuration for an exposed endpoint using the concept of access strategies. The supported handlers for APIRule `v1beta2` are `no_auth` and `jwt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIRule allows you to define the security configuration for an exposed endpoint using the concept of access strategies. The supported handlers for APIRule `v1beta2` are `noAuth` and `jwt`.
```

> APIRule allows you to define the security configuration for an exposed endpoint using the concept of access strategies. The supported handlers for APIRule `v1beta2` are `no_auth` and `jwt`.

Reviewer: I think overall we should we should find a common name for noAuth, extAuth and jwt in the docs. We called it handler, because it was in a handler field in the old structure. I find it confusing that we use the terms access strategy and handler interchangeably.

Author: Yes, I agree
What about sticking to "access strategy"? We don't have this filed either, but I think we used it the most often in the docs

Reviewer: Yes, I think we can use access strategy.

> ## Configuration of the `no_auth` Handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration of the `noAuth` Handler
```

> The intended functionality of this handler is to provide a simple configuration for exposing workloads. It does not use Oathkeeper configuration and instead relies only on Istio VirtualService.

Reviewer: With the new version we don't want to reference Oathkeeper anywhere.
```suggestion
The intended functionality of this handler is to provide a simple configuration for exposing workloads.
```

> The `no_auth` handler only allows access to the specified HTTP methods of the exposed workload. You must not configure the **config** field when using this handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `noAuth` handler only allows access to the specified HTTP methods of the exposed workload. You must not configure the **config** field when using this handler.
```

In the following example, the APIRule has two defined Issuers. The first Issuer, called `ISSUER`, uses a JWT token extracted from the HTTP header. The header is named `X-JWT-Assertion` and has a prefix of `Kyma`. The second Issuer, called `ISSUER2`, uses a JWT token extracted from a URL parameter named `jwt-token`.  
**requiredScopes** defined in the **authorizations** field allow only for JWTs that have the claims **scp**, **scope**, or **scopes** with a value of `test` and an audience of either `example.com` or `example.org`. Alternatively, the JWTs can have the same claims with the `read` and `write` values.

```yaml
apiVersion: gateway.kyma-project.io/v1beta2
kind: APIRule
metadata:
  name: service-config
spec:
  gateway: kyma-system/kyma-gateway
  hosts:
    - app1.example.com
  service:
    name: httpbin
    port: 8000
  rules:
    - path: /headers
      methods: ["GET"]
      jwt:
        authentications:
          - issuer: $ISSUER
            jwksUri: $JWKS_URI
            fromHeaders:
            - name: X-JWT-Assertion
              prefix: "Kyma "

>             - issuer: $ISSUER2

Reviewer: I think the issuer, jwksUri and fromParameters have the wrong indentation.
